DAOS-14348 client: GC for pil4dfs dentry cache (#14079)
daos-stack/daos: docs/user/filesystem.md

set in child processes by setting env "D_IL_ENFORCE_EXEC_ENV=1". This flag is 0 if not set.

### Directory caching

> To improve performance, directory are cached in an hash table.  The size of this hash table could be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve performance, directories are cached in a hash table.  The size of this hash table could be
```

Author: - [ ] Fix spelling

Author: > * [x]  Fix spelling

Fixed with commit d7577f9

changed, thanks to the following environment variable:
* `D_IL_DCACHE_SIZE_BITS`: power 2 number of buckets of the hash table (default value of 16).

A garbage collector is periodically triggered to remove the stalled entries from the hash table.
The behavior of this garbage collector can be configured thanks to the following environment
variables:

> * `D_IL_DCACHE_REC_TIMEOUT`: define the life time in seconds of an entry of the hash table (default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `D_IL_DCACHE_REC_TIMEOUT`: define the lifetime in seconds of an entry of the hash table (default
```

Author: - [ ] Fix spelling

Author: > * [x]  Fix spelling

Fixed with commit d7577f9

  value of 60).
* `D_IL_DCACHE_GC_RECLAIM_MAX`: define the maximal number of entries which can be reclaimed per
  garbgage collection iteration (default value of 1000).

> * `D_IL_DCACHE_GC_PERIOD`: define the trigeering time period in seconds of the garbage collector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `D_IL_DCACHE_GC_PERIOD`: define the triggering time period in seconds of the garbage collector
```

Author: - [ ] Fix spelling

Author: > * [x]  Fix spelling

Fixed with commit d7577f9

set in child processes by setting env "D_IL_ENFORCE_EXEC_ENV=1". This flag is 0 if not set.

### Directory caching

To improve performance, directories are cached in a hash table.  The size of this hash table could
be changed, thanks to the following environment variable:

> * `D_IL_DCACHE_SIZE_BITS`: power 2 number of buckets of the hash table (default value of 16).

Author: OK
